alright po6 the first mission
yeah do those little bastards
coming up in this section you'll
encounter another one of those radiant
mutates spiders but this time assuming
you fall what I did and acquitted the
autocannon this little section shouldn't
be too much of a hassle
I was it good as a bad throw on that
deadlock but I mean if he had the very
front of that thing in the bowl so I was
able to kill it pretty quickly
this little section with the platform's
I do it to someone Hardaway the easy
ways to stand the one said jumping like
that destroyed a container walk onto
onto that platform we store the thing
and then bloom you on top of here but
for whatever reason I did the hard way
but coming here put you into a little
room that you can access
is somehow sell some health blueprints
there's a weapons Walker if you need
something ammo or if you maybe have some
weapon upgrades
some of the supplies the rest of this
video is finding a gas mask and
encounter one sexy in that room and when
you get around you have to deal with
that reboot but he's not too much of a
hassle since we've been dealing with
them for most of the game now but uh
other than that see you next part
you
be careful limit of sulfur location I'm
starting to lose your signal